[Style Guide] Content Strategy (#9846)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/style-guide/content-strategy/documentation-content-strategy/content-types/troubleshooting.md

---
title: Troubleshooting
pcx_content_type: Content
---

# Troubleshooting

> This troubleshooting strategy outlines our approach to troubleshooting content that's specific to a product or platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This troubleshooting strategy outlines our approach to troubleshooting content that is specific to a product or platform.
```
